## Session 1:

- Players are travelling in a carriage toward Zaridel when a hitchhiker named Alyona joins them. She says that something important to her was stolen by Varinn and that she intends to get it back. Upon arriving to Zaridel, the party is greeted by Brother Marth, who recognizes Alyona. Immediately, Alyona rushes out of the carriage at super-human speed without explanation (Kebo-Wan noticed that she inconspicuously removed some object from her cloak, muttered something, and made strange hand movements before doing so). Unphased by Alyona's sudden departure, Brother Marth welcomes the party to Zaridel and explains that there is to be a Ballet performance in honor of their arrival. When asked how he knew they were coming and how he knew that they wanted to go to a ballet, Brother Marth responds that "Zarus knows all, and Varinn channels his wisdom to us." 

- Brother Marth (somewhat pushily) guides the party into a large cathedral in the center of Zaridel. Outside the cathedral are two enormous spherical stones: one red and one blue. All the buildings and everyone's clothes are also red and blue. Inside the cathedral, there are seats in the front row reserved for the party who are ushered to sit down. Enormous applause erupts when Varinn reveals himself on the main stage. At the podium, there are two orbs which look like smaller versions of the red and blue stones seen outside. He lifts up the blue one and announces that Zarus has commanded for there to be a ceremonial ballet in honor of the new guests. Suddenly, Varinn leaves the stage and ballet dancers commence dancing. Thalor says that the performers technique is sloppy and he could dance better. Then he hears a voice in his head that says "If you know the perfect way to dance, then show us all now," and the dancers motion for him to come on the stage. He proceeds to do 23 consecutive pirouettes, earning thunderous applause from the crowd. The other dancers then rush off the stage and Varinn returns. He commends Thalor on his dance, saying that it was almost perfect, but not quite. Thalor is exhilarated by the experience of dancing for the crowd, but he is crushed by the fact that it wasn't perfect. Meanwhile, Vaaneth notices that all the townspeople are humans and look similar to one another. She changes her appearance to match that the crowd, and they respond by saying that she looks much more perfect than before. They are astounded by the sudden change and say "You have increased your perfection much faster than anyone before. You must be chosen by Zarus! He has blessed our town by sending you to us."

- When the party starts to ask questions in response, Varinn changes the subject by saying there is now going to be a feast in the dining hall. A current townspeople start heading toward the dining room, causing the party to be swept away. Moosra feels claustrophobic and flies above the crowd, hovering above the chaos before landing on Thalor's shoulders. In the dining room, the party finds a magnificent feast and are handed plates. Kebo-Wan drops his plate, but Varinn swoops in out of nowhere and catches it before it hits the ground. Again he insists that they eat, but Kebo-Wan says that he is fasting and refuses. After a moment, Kebo-Wan gets a blank look on his face and, without explanation, he acts contrary to his previous remark by picking up some grapes and eating them. He also inexplicably does a back flip and catches a grape in his mouth. This confuses the rest of the party, but after seeing that the food is safe to eat, they also join in eating. 

- Varinn invites them to his table, but right after they arrive there are alarm bells that start ringing and Brother Marth runs up to Varinn and says "There is an emergency! The Left Eye of Zarus has been stolen!" Varinn says he knows who must have stolen it and asks the party to help retrieve it in return for a reward. The party agrees to help and Varinn offers to let them stay in a tavern for free. The party lodges at the luxurious tavern for the night. 